well this is an optics computer
6 x 6 20 in the way you go in
the bios is as follows
turn on the power button
when it appears on the screen according to
f2
when- according to lf2 I'm going to remove the
flash
why
well I think help can be seen
when it enters the bios this is the
font that appears appears
bios information shows what kind of
computers appears
The information appears on the left side
of the system and the way it is navigated
in this video is as follows
the arrows are used to go up for
go down to the right side by the side
left and those who do the
changes with the tab bar
space with the enter key and
and that will tell you in the part of
down where it says pressures up or
down the arrows to select a
different field and in this one
at this point we go to where we where
it concerns us and it is with the
down arrow labor sinking and this
I'm going down to the different ones to these
different parties in this case to
processor information in this bass
low case to memory information of
memory tells you exactly how much
memory has what kind of memory is what
speeds
and if the memory has any problem you
they will inform you and then you will be off with the
arrow to the point where it says drives
which means the hard drives and they look
you can see next to drives a
symbol of more means that you have a
submenu in this case tells you that that is
the hard drives that there are and it tells you if
what kind of hard drive is
and then to enter that one goes up what
has second the enter
and you can say to the disk for example
to disk zero then i great disk
zero and it tells me shows me everything says what
disk type are you how much capacity in
this case this hard disk is this disk
one of the hard drives in this
computer is 80 gigabytes there
you can see the value of 80 gigabytes and the
speed are 3.0 gigabytes per x per
second
this is the interface that is inside
of the system
at the top shows a submenu
where it is put on off and that is achieved with
the arrows and there you see how it is changing
on off and if I am the world- between there already
stays or stays like that goes for each
that can not be done when there is a
new disk that gets into the computer
there it will come out in the bottom
you'll get the details of that from that
hard drive in this other case there are two there
come out
the cd-rom finally the irises and the disc
hard
ok now we return to the screen
sinking enter and leaving this on
nothing what I am showing you is
basically to show you how it's done
this
here he tells you that he is another this other
that I chose with drive 1 and that
corresponds to the east corresponds to the
hike and rum here says it's a cdr w rip
ride divide it
if you leave, come back if you want to go back
one of people and that brings you back to this
this other type d
of menu
in the
in the sequence of all this
this is basically what controls the
computer
for example in this case of security not
there is no password of any kind
been put here the same example in
this computer did not put itself they say do
the password at this time is not
in doing and you can put step now
everything one wants if one if one
he wants there is a
so in all this, all this
information is what is relevant to
when in this case of this computer
does not show a how to do the
format the disk because obviously
this disk is already formatted
because it has an installation of
windows but in here where it says drive
zero
is where it would appear in the information of
that this hard drive has not been
formatted then there would appear a
submenu that says format the disk 1
format the disk then when one
want
get out of here and come back so that
the computer starts normally
sorry the key sinks is that of
escape and when you sink that escape key
he asks me if I want to stay in
the in the cerá or if I want to leave in
this case if I go out then then
I'm basically going to leave the
video if he's going to start the
configuration
if I do not move the keys this is
stay in the will be with the arrow to
have made a teacher come out and already
basically the computer
boot in windows in this case as already
is installed windows boots windows
windows 7
then the key that sinks before
that the computer loads some system
operative if you have it or if you do not have it
It's the f2
you can also press the f2 and
so I hope this clarifies a
little because the computer did not get
for envelopes plus the computer
just as we received the computer
was sent since there was no according to I have
understood it was not you want to be
put a password then I hope that
this will help you and we will try to
do it whatever it takes to
that you can have your computer and you
work well chau god bless you